For my final project in ECEN1310, I chose to do a tic-tac-toe game that involves the user playing against the computer. I picked this project because I wanted to do something to challenge myself and something that could be used by all. While completing this project, I completed extensive research on 2D arrays, which were a vital piece of creating this game. During my research, I found a ton of similarities between our matrix library assignment and 2D arrays, which was helpful in creating the project itself. The program consists of several functions, such as functions that determine whether either the computer or the user has won the game, if it’s a draw, and functions that allow the user and the computer to take their respective turns in the tic-tac-toe game. 

The program is simple to use. After compiling the program, type ./tictactoe to run the program itself. Upon the program running, there will be a user guide that explains how the program works. The user plays as ‘X’ in this game of tic-tac-toe, and the computer plays as ‘O’. There is also a board guide that gives each square on the board a designated number. The program expects user input that corresponds to one of the numbers on the board for whichever space the user wants to place their X. The user will then enter a number, 1-9, press enter, and the program will take their input, let the computer play their turn, and print the board after both the user and computer have taken their turn. Then, the user will be able to see the updated board after them and the computer have both played their turn. This process repeats until the board is full and the game either ends in a draw or a winner is determined. 

